I love you wait a while so we can fight
this you're right the cancer is only my
liver lungs prostate and brain all
things I can live without what if I told
you we can make you better
you're a fighter we can give you
abilities most men only dream of thank
you a superhero you just promise you'll
do right by me so I can do right by
someone else and please don't make the
supersuit green or animated one thing
that never survives this place is a
sense of humor
we'll see about that pop spice oh come
on
you know leave me all alone here with
less angry Rosie O'Donnell
hey I wanna shoot baby dinya the ecstasy
in the way brother I wanna thank your
mother for like that shotgun
No
yes you may be wondering why the red
suit well that's so bad guys can't see
me bleed this guy's got the right idea
he wore the brown pants cue the music
[Music]
Rick's like old lady pants in here why
is such a douche this morning Oh God you
are hard to look at you look like the
topographical map of Utah
exactly
[Music]
oh I am very turned on right now
you are haunting you look like an
avocado had sex with an older avocado
thank you
greetings munchkins did you like that
dose of green band goodness hankering
for a little more action some bacon what
curse words maybe check out Deadpool
website calm for my red band trailer
make sure to ask your mommy and tell her
to call me she's got the number